# Easy Cent (EZC) Trading Medium Criterion
## Overview：
EZC(Easy Cent) stablecoin: A kind of on-chain point, converted from DPR, it has non-transferable and non-tradable characteristics. Buying or using EZC is not investment and can pass the SEC's Howey test. Therefore, it can be purchased by any payment methods, such as Credit card, Paypal, Apple store, etc.
## Motivation：
To provide a medium of exchange for payment application and service fee on Deeper chain  to pay for applications and services, which allows to promote the use of on-chain applications at a stable and predictable price.
## Stakeholders：
Developers and users of various applications using the EVM platform
## Principle Description：
Issue a type of stable coin EZC, its exchange rate will be anchored in US dollars (1 EZC = 0.01 USD), through the credit card to be able to conveniently buy stable coins, but also by burning DPR to get the corresponding stable coins, but the DPR exchange rate is floating, according to the DPR market price to adjust the number of EZC exchange.
## Detailed design：
### 1. Fiat currency exchange mechanism.
Buying EZC with a credit card will trigger the mint() method to generate the equivalent amount of EZC into the user's address.
### 2. Burning exchange mechanism.
The DPR market price is dynamically obtained through the oracle machine model to get data from multiple nodes. It will start with BFT voting, weighted average, and then blockchain will exchange the corresponding stable coin based on DPR/USD price.
### 3. Application incentive mechanism.
* Using stable coins to pay DApp transaction fees will be deducted directly.
* If a user has insufficient EZC balance, the automatically burning DPR prioritize to obtain the equivalent amount of EZC for payment. If users have insufficient DPR, they will be reminded that the transaction cannot be done.
* The system will generate equal DPR rewards. The nodes providing the server will receive DPR rewards from the system immediately, and the final rewards depend on the number of nodes sharing DPR rewards.
### 4. Restrictions.
* EZC is not transferable.
* EZC cannot be converted to fiat currency.
* The exchange limit per account is 100,000 EZC..
## Engineering Difficulties and Workload：
Difficulties: to issue EZC stablecoins and how to ensure interacting with DPR.
* Issuing EZC stablecoins takes about one (1) day.
* Completing the interaction between EZC DPR takes about one to two weeks.
* Completing the Oracle machine feeding price and integration testing takes about one to two weeks.
## Disadvantages：
Both Deeper and EVM addresses need to be managed, paired and bound when users use DPR burning to obtain EZCs.